Some clean ups and add support for Fmx grid viewmodels (#66)
mirko-bianco/FidoLib: FidoGui.md

    Guibinding.MethodsSetup<ISongViewModel, TSongView>(FSongViewModel, Self);
  ```

The `GridViewModelExample` project shows how binding of a grid and a list can be achieved, the main points are:

- Make use of  the `TDelegateObservable` as base for the entity that needs binding. 
- Make use of  the `TAbstractReadonlyGridView<T>`or `TAbstractWriteableGridView<T>` as base for the grid view model that will consume the List.
- Make use of  the `IFilteredGridViewModelHelper<T, FilterPayload>` helper if you need to filter the list through the view model.

> - Make use of  the `ISortedByColumnGridViewModelHelper<TT>` helper if you need to sort the list through the grid columns position and header click.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make use of the `TDelegateObservable` as base for the entity that needs binding. 
- Make use of the `TAbstractReadonlyGridView<T>`or `TAbstractWriteableGridView<T>` as base for the grid view model that will consume the List.
- Make use of the `IFilteredGridViewModelHelper<T, FilterPayload>` helper if you need to filter the list through the view model.
- Make use of the `ISortedByColumnGridViewModelHelper<T>` helper if you need to sort the list through the grid columns position and header click.
```
Remove the extra spaces, they aren't rendered, but just in case
